---
title: "马来西亚数字游民有人试过吗？"
date: "2023-05-05"
extra:
  subreddit: "r/iwanttorun"
  id: "138cosa"
  name: "t3_138cosa"
  author: "dvcd"
  created_utc: "1683267210"
  created_key: "230505061330"
  capture_ts: "230811092312"
  content_sha256: "6084bb79146b9fe59b09c8c47e1d77fead375eb0ad2186aa4838eb4e9751f760"
  permalink: "https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/138cosa/马来西亚数字游民有人试过吗/"
  url: "https://www.reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/138cosa/马来西亚数字游民有人试过吗/"
  domain: "self.iwanttorun"
  ups: "0"
  upvote_ratio: "0.5"
  num_comments: "8"
  link_flair_text: "讨论"
  link_flair_css_class: ""
  over_18: "false"
  is_self: "true"
  subreddit: "r_iwanttorun"
  post_id: "138cosa"
---

西班牙那边官方回复我的Señorita不知道哪去了，西班牙这条线暂时没有进度，马来西亚在共军攻台的情况下能保证不受太多波及吗？请发表你们的意见。马来西亚数字游民最多只能一年，是个不好的地方，到时候数字游民签都到期了别共党还没开始。


---

> - Author: ChiuMing_Neko
> - Created: 2023-05-05 10:01:23 UTC
> - Score: 3
> - ID: jixzwvv
> - Ups=3 | Downs=0 | Flair=打酱油 | FlairColor=dark | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/138cosa/马来西亚数字游民有人试过吗/jixzwvv/
>
> 不會受到波及，但會有排華套餐。

> - Author: [deleted]
> - Created: 2023-05-05 19:11:52 UTC
> - Score: 1
> - ID: jizznit
> - Ups=1 | Downs=0 | FlairColor=dark | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/138cosa/马来西亚数字游民有人试过吗/jizznit/
>
> 馬來西亞也有digital nomad簽證了？

> - Author: poginmydog
> - Created: 2023-05-07 03:59:24 UTC
> - Score: 2
> - ID: jj67dul
> - Ups=2 | Downs=0 | Flair=已跑路 | FlairColor=dark | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/138cosa/马来西亚数字游民有人试过吗/jj67dul/
>
> It’s 1+1 year renewable. There’s an active De Rantau FB and telegram group. I’ve not seen any mainland Chinese in there and application seems to be pretty hit or miss so be prepared for a lot of waiting and back and fourth. Proof of salary is also quite subjective.
> 
> If you have the money, just find an agent to apply a work visa for you in Msia. It ain’t cheap but if you can meet the De Rantau requirement, shelling out a slight extra for a legit work visa ain’t too much.
> 
> Consider Philippines and other DN SEA cities too. Come join us at /r/DigitalNomad!

>> - Author: dvcd
>> - Created: 2023-05-07 13:30:24 UTC
>> - Score: 1
>> - ID: jj7hov2
>> - Ups=1 | Downs=0 | Submitter=true | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/138cosa/马来西亚数字游民有人试过吗/jj7hov2/
>>
>> >De Rantau
>> 
>> Thnaks a lot. I am joining the De Rantau group. Actually I found two on facebook, and I joined them both. Do you have a comparation of msia and Philippines? like tax, community, staying time, internet speed, etc. I just thought that Philippiness is closer to the ring of fire so Msia may be somewhat less prone to natural disasters. But I don't know the communities of both places, if you can add some.

>>> - Author: poginmydog
>>> - Created: 2023-05-07 13:44:41 UTC
>>> - Score: 3
>>> - ID: jj7jc4m
>>> - Ups=3 | Downs=0 | Flair=已跑路 | FlairColor=dark | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/138cosa/马来西亚数字游民有人试过吗/jj7jc4m/
>>>
>>> I haven’t looked into the Philippines as I’m only considering KL for now. The De Rantau taxation rules are the same as Malaysia tax law, meaning you’re not liable tax if you pay taxes in a double tax treaty country. You’ll be taxed at local rates if you stay more than half a year if I’m not wrong. 
>>> 
>>> However, it comes with a serious caveat of not being able to open a bank account there, so I’m honestly not sure how you’ll file taxes etc if you don’t even have local bank records. Either ways taxes are fairly low so it’s not a huge concern.
>>> 
>>> Msia is safer than the Philippines but you’ll probably stay in the city area of either country so natural disaster isn’t smth you should be concerned with. 
>>> 
>>> I’m not sure about community but you have to be able to speak good English to enjoy the life here. The DN groups routinely organise outings so you can just join in if you feel lonely. The expat scene in KL is very lively too. 
>>> 
>>> I’ve not personally tried Philippines internet but Msia internet is rock solid. Both KL and Penang have fibre internet and data speeds are solid 4G. For DN, it’s more than enough. Anything else you can just get a cheap AWS and they’re all hosted in SG so speed isn’t an issue. 
>>> 
>>> If you do consider msia, Penang is imo a nicer city to stay in than KL. Mandarin is more widespread and it’s a coastal city so great scenery all day. Food is amazing of course. 
>>> 
>>> Do checkout the sub though, I’m sure they can provide you with more perspective. I’m giving you the perspective of a Chinese but it won’t differ much.

>> - Author: [deleted]
>> - Created: 2023-05-18 02:48:06 UTC
>> - Score: 1
>> - ID: jkl5wtg
>> - Ups=1 | Downs=0 | FlairColor=dark | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/138cosa/马来西亚数字游民有人试过吗/jkl5wtg/
>>
>> Hey! Thank you for sharing this information with us! Is it possible for you to share the telegram channel/group please? Tried to find it but nothing came up.

>>> - Author: poginmydog
>>> - Created: 2023-05-18 03:13:58 UTC
>>> - Score: 1
>>> - ID: jkl94uc
>>> - Ups=1 | Downs=0 | Flair=已跑路 | FlairColor=dark | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/138cosa/马来西亚数字游民有人试过吗/jkl94uc/
>>>
>>> Take a look at the FB group and ask for the telegram link. The FB group is a lot more active!

>>>> - Author: [deleted]
>>>> - Created: 2023-05-18 03:41:40 UTC
>>>> - Score: 1
>>>> - ID: jklc9m2
>>>> - Ups=1 | Downs=0 | FlairColor=dark | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/138cosa/马来西亚数字游民有人试过吗/jklc9m2/
>>>>
>>>> Thanks, Will do!