---
title: "Do I have an Asian fetish?"
date: 2025-02-03T15:45:02+00:00
extra:
  subreddit: "r/iwanttorun"
  id: "1igs0i5"
  name: "t3_1igs0i5"
  author: "Kitchen-Coyote-3256"
  created_utc: "1738597502"
  created_key: "250203154502"
  capture_ts: "250203154519"
  content_sha256: "12a1a2c9cfb4c8393d837b27eb1c2a32d218460495f90500ee8be3970eded2ad"
  permalink: "https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/"
  url: "https://www.reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/"
  domain: "self.iwanttorun"
  ups: "1"
  upvote_ratio: "1"
  num_comments: "0"
  link_flair_text: "讨论"
  link_flair_css_class: ""
  over_18: "false"
  is_self: "true"
  subreddit: "r_iwanttorun"
  post_id: "1igs0i5"
---

I’m 23yo F and currently living back in my home city (Madrid, Spain). The last 5 years I was living abroad in many different cities, such as Sevilla and Berlin for example.
Tbh, I think people are pretty receptive in Berlin. It’s a multicultural city and even if u aren’t gonna have the most committed relationship (DISCLAIMER ‼️: when I use this word I don’t refer only to be boyfriend/girlfriend, more like any type of friendship/relationship), people is very friendly and always try to have some contact with others.

I made friends mostly with Asian people: Pakistani, japanese, Indian, etc… And I learnt they are the most respectful with me, care about me and also funny and gentle.

Since I came back to my home city, I’m trying to make these kind of friends. I realized how lonely I feel here —left everything that I build in other place bc I thought how easily it would be to make new connections. And I was totally wrong. Here in Madrid, even if u can find people from other countries (MOSTLY CHINESE), u can tell e-v-e-r-y-b-o-d-y doesn’t want to include new people in their circles / people that it’s not presented by a really really closed one. I like dancing, I tried to make friends with some and got: nothing. I like kpop, I tried to make friends with people that also likes it and got: nothing.

So since I really like Chinese culture (I studied about it, tried to be respectful with them), I decided that it will be nice to meet some. It my mind it sounds good, bc I get to now more about their culture and also, I can create a respectful connection with people that are foreigners as I was (and I actually still feel even if it’s supposed to be “my city”).

Long story short, I decided to download Meeff but everybody just wants to 👌🏻👈🏻💦. Changed to Tantan, but only meet people living in Paris, China, etc. I think right now, I really need these cultural exchange AND also go out of my house, that’s what I’m looking for: having someone to go for a city walk, talk a lot / be in silence doing our own stuff, and enjoy time together.

But yesterday, while I was celebrating Chinese new year with my two female close friends, I found myself trying to justify to them why I am in Tantan. And started to overthink about this topic. I’m even so ashamed  didn’t told anybody close to me, just them.

Someone have some tips for me or smt that wants to share? :( Or if someone lives abroad, idk being friends if they are coming soon here! I just want friendships.

👁️: it’s my first time posting in Reddit !


---

> **TsingHua-JSD** · 2025-02-03 15:53:10 UTC · +-8 · `mar4gqt` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mar4gqt/)
>
> 我是中国人 看不懂鸟语

>> **Kitchen-Coyote-3256** · 2025-02-03 16:02:05 UTC · +3 · `mar6beq` · `OP` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mar6beq/)
>>
>> I say I am a person who feels out of place in this city because I have lived abroad for a long time and interacted with people from different cultures. There are many Pakistanis, Japanese, etc., and I think they are all very helpful people. But I don't know if it's wrong to actively seek out Chinese friends (since this is the largest community in Madrid).

>> **Minmum-Verstappen** · 2025-02-04 04:36:44 UTC · +3 · `mavd79z` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mavd79z/)
>>
>> spider🕷️

> **Practical-Soft8053** · 2025-02-03 16:00:15 UTC · +6 · `mar5xt6` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mar5xt6/)
>
> ok, I am booking the flight to Madrid , just wait 😈

> **Flashy_Effect_9170** · 2025-02-03 16:01:29 UTC · +5 · `mar673i` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mar673i/)
>
> First of all, I think you are Asian fetish, there are plenty of Chinese Spanish in Madrid, if you do wanna get into their circle, how about go out and trying to date them? I'm sure kpop and dancing is really a thing among those Chinese folks. 
> 
> Anyway, Tantan in China is literally for dating or even escorts 🤣🤣🤣
> 
> 
> Also, I think you may want to download Rednote or Bilibili (my recommendation) to see more about the culture, the latter one is extremely popular in China's millennials. I would say you may get loads of subscribers in both platforms.

>> **Kitchen-Coyote-3256** · 2025-02-03 16:05 UTC · +5 · `mar6x1f` · `OP` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mar6x1f/)
>>
>> I would really like to stay away from people who like kpop, but that's the only thing that counts here. They have a very large community and there are even some kids who take advantage of it.
>> 
>> I didn't know Tantan was so sexual! The truth is, I have found people who really just want to talk and they are very nice.
>> 
>> Yes, I have used Bilibili on some very specific occasions to watch a video, but I didn't know that I could find out more information there. Thank you very much for your recommendation 😊

>>> **Flashy_Effect_9170** · 2025-02-03 16:14:33 UTC · +5 · `mar8woy` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mar8woy/)
>>>
>>> Alright, you are very much into Chinese social media already, how about upload some videos on Bilibili?
>>> 
>>> Also there are many Chinese restaurants and grocery shops in Madrid, if you are a student why not find a part-time job there? That's a very efficient way to make new friends.
>>> 
>>> My last suggestion: play League of Legends 🤣, there are TREMENDOUS amount of Chinese ppl playing this game, and all female players are super welcomed !

>>>> **Kitchen-Coyote-3256** · 2025-02-03 16:20:46 UTC · +2 · `mara7wm` · `OP` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mara7wm/)
>>>>
>>>> I'm currently working, but very occasionally I go to try coffee shops in Usera (it's Chinatown). But I find it very pretentious to approach someone to talk, I feel like they will think I'm strange and I'm also too introverted. But! Really, one day I will get up the courage 😂
>>>> 
>>>> In Spain it is considered a “red flag” to play League of Legends. But it seems to me that it is the most friendly-introvert option that there will be
>>>> 
>>>> Thank you very much for your advice! have a good day

>> **Flashy_Effect_9170** · 2025-02-03 16:07:05 UTC · +1 · `mar7c6u` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mar7c6u/)
>>
>> Btw another way to meet Asian guy: Play League of Legends 🤣

> **Organic_Challenge151** · 2025-02-03 16:20:05 UTC · +3 · `mara2r1` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mara2r1/)
>
> Isn’t Asian fetish generally referring to fetish for Asian female?

>> **Kitchen-Coyote-3256** · 2025-02-03 16:26:03 UTC · +2 · `marbcer` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/marbcer/)
>>
>> Mmmn… here, we use that word when someone is generally fetishizing an Asian, no matter woman or man. The truth is, I don't know if it's necessary to say it but I'm a woman and I don't care if I talk to a woman or a man (in a certain sense, maybe I prefer a woman because we can understand each other about "female problems").

> **Mlahk** · 2025-02-03 16:24:40 UTC · +8 · `marb1nw` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/marb1nw/)
>
> If you want to make some Chinese friends, I suggest you go to Rednote小红书, where you can make friends with some overseas Chinese students in Spain. You can treat it like a language exchange. Generally speaking, it may be easier to make friends with overseas students than with Chinese-Spanish people because they may have a fixed group of friends from growing up there. Additionally, Rednote has more female users, so you might feel more comfortable than on Tantan, which is mainly used for hookups

>> **Kitchen-Coyote-3256** · 2025-02-03 16:32:02 UTC · +5 · `marcmj2` · `OP` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/marcmj2/)
>>
>> 😭✊🏻 Thank you for the support. The truth is that I only know RedNote because I have seen videos of Americans going there to invade your app hahaha
>> 
>> One question, is it mandatory to upload a photo to publish a post there? Or do you have a feature like Reddit where I can post just the post without photos?

>>> **Mlahk** · 2025-02-03 16:45 UTC · +4 · `marfe31` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/marfe31/)
>>>
>>> Yes, it requires to add a picture to your post. Just randomly choose one is ok, even it doesn't relate to your post

>>>> **Kitchen-Coyote-3256** · 2025-02-03 16:46:11 UTC · +3 · `marfn0m` · `OP` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/marfn0m/)
>>>>
>>>> Perfect. Thank you very much for the help! Have a good day 🤍

> **hungupon_u** · 2025-02-03 16:48:05 UTC · +39 · `marg1tb` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/marg1tb/)
>
> how did you find this sub lol

>> **Kitchen-Coyote-3256** · 2025-02-03 16:52:42 UTC · +12 · `marh1uj` · `OP` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/marh1uj/)
>>
>> 😂😂😂 I searched for words in the general search engine about “西班牙，马德里” and a post from this forum appeared. It's used for conversation, right? Or have I translated it wrong? 😭😭😭

>>> **hungupon_u** · 2025-02-03 17:07:58 UTC · +11 · `markcfq` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/markcfq/)
>>>
>>> lol I see. this sub is a forum of immigration topics, and  you’ll be called “white mama” here because chinese men here have a white fetish.  Welcome!

>>>> **Kitchen-Coyote-3256** · 2025-02-03 17:09:54 UTC · +8 · `markrc8` · `OP` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/markrc8/)
>>>>
>>>> …… I was scared by that nickname, but at the same time “white mom” made me laugh. I didn't know they used that name for us 😂 if it's any use to scare you, I think this is my first and last time on Reddit. Thank you!

>>>>> **SinoSoul** · 2025-02-03 19:10:59 UTC · +8 · `masay65` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/masay65/)
>>>>>
>>>>> Stay, your post is AMAZING for this sub. Gives all the GenZ Chinese boys hope when they immigrate to Barca. Also, speaking of BCN, I find a ton of small corner bars/liquor stores to be owned/operated by Chinese. Stop in for a clara some time?

>>>>>> **Kitchen-Coyote-3256** · 2025-02-03 19:29:30 UTC · +3 · `masey3o` · `OP` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/masey3o/)
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Hahaha I am a disappointment as a Spaniard and as a German, I don't like beer. But someday, you drink a clear one and I drink an Aquarius 😂🤍

>>>>>>> **SinoSoul** · 2025-02-03 19:55:20 UTC · +3 · `maskk55` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/maskk55/)
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> I’m actually going to Madrid in April. Hoping to visit some cocktail bars like Holy Drop/Angelita/Savas. Let me buy you a Wanglaoji (we don’t really drink Aquarius, that’s Japanese.)

>>>>>>>> **Kitchen-Coyote-3256** · 2025-02-03 20:44:27 UTC · +3 · `masv717` · `OP` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/masv717/)
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> I've never tried that, I accept 🤝 And if we run out of cocktail bars, I'll show you some!

>>>> **Minmum-Verstappen** · 2025-02-04 04:32:35 UTC · +4 · `mavclb1` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mavclb1/)
>>>>
>>>> cringe

> **CoCan0304** · 2025-02-03 16:58:15 UTC · +3 · `mari9q4` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mari9q4/)
>
> For most of Chinese they want to make friends with u but they just don’t know how to find the some topic to chat with u🥹there are a lot cultural differences between Chinese and the world(Chinese internet has a green wall against the world).and i think if u are active to make friends with Chinese, most of Chinese will be happy to be friends of u.for most of chinese having a foreign friend is a thing can be shown off^_^

>> **Kitchen-Coyote-3256** · 2025-02-03 17:03:24 UTC · +1 · `marjdo7` · `OP` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/marjdo7/)
>>
>> Your answer seems very sweet to me 😭🤍 Honestly, I love talking to foreigners (it doesn't matter what nationality), but I really like listening to people of Chinese origin speak precisely because of the cultural differences and because I like to deny the hoaxes that have been instilled in me since small.
>> 
>> For example, we had always been told that talking about politics/showing politics in China in public was prohibited, and it always seemed negative to me. But talking to people, I understand the point of view that it can be dangerous. I have a friend who did the university exchange in Beijing and Palestine just happened. She told me that although the Chinese government supports Palestine, they did not allow people to have the Palestinian flag displayed in the student residence. It's very interesting!
>> 
>> I hope that the Chinese people I meet really want to be my friends like you say, and are just as kind as you. Thank you for your support and encouragement! Have a nice day

> **TiebaConnoisseur** · 2025-02-03 17:19:46 UTC · +3 · `marmveg` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/marmveg/)
>
> 谢谢你喜欢我们亚洲黄人，爱来自中国

> **Ill_Giraffe_1341** · 2025-02-03 17:32:07 UTC · +2 · `marpjha` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/marpjha/)
>
> Tbh，Chinese on reddit are racial self-hated. They think that Chinese is the most inferior race in the world. You may not like this  kind of toxic atomsphere. By the way on part of Chinese social media apps there also can be some abnormal guys，such as fanatic supporters of CCP, they are cringe and aggressive. I suggest that find Chinese friends on hellotalk or meet someone in reality. Have a good day

>> **Kitchen-Coyote-3256** · 2025-02-03 19:28:17 UTC · +3 · `maseodt` · `OP` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/maseodt/)
>>
>> You are very kind 🥺 The truth is that I try to find out about those kinds of things, but I get lost too much. So you're probably right and I'm on the lookout in case someone like that approaches me. Thank you so much! All kindness is welcome, have a nice day 🤍

>>> **Ill_Giraffe_1341** · 2025-02-03 19:34:48 UTC · +-1 · `masg33u` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/masg33u/)
>>>
>>> People on this app would comment extremely bad about Chinese. In contrast, people on Chinese apps will boast themselves. Both of them are too subjective to believe. However，I still believe most of Chinese would be kind and friendly. Do not stress yourself too much. Follow your heart and you will meet the right person. Btw do you watch football？

>> **Content_Shallot2497** · 2025-02-05 06:11:49 UTC · +1 · `mb2btew` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mb2btew/)
>>
>> Most Chinese dissidents on Reddit just hate CCP. I don’t think many did genuinely think Chinese is the most inferior race. If you’re talking about Lang ren, I think they’re just memes or rhetoric devices

>>> **Ill_Giraffe_1341** · 2025-02-05 06:27:39 UTC · +1 · `mb2dnqt` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mb2dnqt/)
>>>
>>> 可能现在我确实还欠缺一些分辨能力，但仅我的观察来看墙内墙外的互联网环境同样冷漠糟糕。对我身心造成了严重的伤害。墙内粪坑的言论不多赘述。仅在reddit上我就看到了很多反人类言论，包括但不限于珠海撞人撞得好，献忠要多杀，不支持南京大屠杀就是粉红，疫情期间向平民捐赠口罩= 支持共产党，黄人都是直立人低劣种族等等言论，和墙内民粹简直就是一体两面。我是真的大为失望，和想象中的自由世界大相径庭。我只想让op远离这些toxic的人，站在我的角度是真的无法接受

> **biglarsh** · 2025-02-03 18:41:19 UTC · +11 · `mas4ij5` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mas4ij5/)
>
> Girl, wrong sub. Consider going to r/AskAChinese

>> **Kitchen-Coyote-3256** · 2025-02-03 19:26:55 UTC · +3 · `masedoz` · `OP` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/masedoz/)
>>
>> Oh, thanks for the help 😭

> **LiAuTraver** · 2025-02-03 18:47:09 UTC · +5 · `mas5s16` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mas5s16/)
>
> I had to point out 😂, This sub is for those who wanted to flee the country(immigration topic), I am am afraid you got the wrong sub. Go to r Chinalife and askChinese  would be more appropriate. 🙂

> **Low_Beautiful4861** · 2025-02-03 20:32:18 UTC · +0 · `masskii` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/masskii/)
>
> Xiaohongshu is definitely worth to try

>> **Kitchen-Coyote-3256** · 2025-02-03 20:46:11 UTC · +1 · `masvkpz` · `OP` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/masvkpz/)
>>
>> They have recommended it to me! I definitely want to start there, I was feeling bad because I feel like it's the safe space for a lot of Asians. But we'll have to try it ✊🏻Thank you very much! Have a nice day <3

> **[deleted]** · 2025-02-03 20:43:50 UTC · +1 · `masv26e` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/masv26e/)
>
> [deleted]

> **Easy_Welder768** · 2025-02-03 21:01:17 UTC · +3 · `masyvre` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/masyvre/)
>
> Guys in this sub just want to stay away from Chinese people, but you are the opposite.
> tips：most in Tantan are bi*ch and scarmmer

> **Tall-Abbreviations16** · 2025-02-03 22:58:38 UTC · +1 · `matnxx3` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/matnxx3/)
>
> Hello Spanish friend. Your English is pretty good

>> **Kitchen-Coyote-3256** · 2025-02-04 05:50:10 UTC · +1 · `mavn6sh` · `OP` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mavn6sh/)
>>
>> Thank you 🙂‍↕️ I know I have many mistakes, but I thought it was better to write it in English so that it would be more faithful

> **Reasonable_Dingo6955** · 2025-02-03 23:10:49 UTC · +18 · `matqdwn` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/matqdwn/)
>
> 怎么洋大人一发帖，这么多回帖的？

>> **Otherwise_Internet71** · 2025-02-04 02:32:05 UTC · +19 · `mauscrz` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mauscrz/)
>>
>> 人种压制

>>> **Reasonable_Dingo6955** · 2025-02-04 02:37:47 UTC · +15 · `mautdxr` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mautdxr/)
>>>
>>> 跟鸡巴小红书一个德行

> **Leo-110** · 2025-02-04 04:23:34 UTC · +4 · `mavb90j` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mavb90j/)
>
> trust me it isn't hard for a white woman to find a asian male who's interested in white women either lol

> **XMZ8964** · 2025-02-04 06:05:33 UTC · +1 · `mavp2co` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mavp2co/)
>
> 也是不是哦

> **Muyan93** · 2025-02-04 06:56:10 UTC · +10 · `mavuusv` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mavuusv/)
>
> Try RedNote. This sub is more like 4chan for Chinese people

> **Eco_path** · 2025-02-04 09:33:49 UTC · +3 · `mawajb3` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mawajb3/)
>
> 西班牙的中国人社区据我了解很大，会西班牙语的也不少，你遇的社交困难应该不会比这里给你建议的任何一个人要大。既然你想要现实朋友又嫌弃网上的人动机不纯，就应该出去多摸一点草。另外，我诚心发问，你在西班牙语社区也会看到中国人用英语问自己有white fetish吗？西班牙人怎么回复的？

>> **[deleted]** · 2025-02-04 09:46:07 UTC · +1 · `mawbp8n` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mawbp8n/)
>>
>> [removed]

> **IndependentPass3** · 2025-02-04 11:42:53 UTC · +1 · `mawnrpv` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mawnrpv/)
>
> Hobbit, hay que tener misma afición para juntar con los chinos, por ejemplo videojuegos, básquet, fútbol. Incluso aquí, esta página, nos reunimos por el odio hacia a CCP, no será una afición pero burlando de los Pinkys ya ha convertido un hobbit aquí.
> 
> Y resto será tiempo, igual aquí España es una tierra muy diversa. 
> 
> Pero te advierto, el círculo de los chinos es exclusivo, no por reza ni color, será por idioma, aún que hablan castellano, pero hay montón, montones de cosa no se puede explicar en castellano.

>> **IndependentPass3** · 2025-02-04 11:47:49 UTC · +1 · `mawodav` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mawodav/)
>>
>> Uy, me equivoqué de página, aquí todo son los que quieren irse de china.

> **puch1to** · 2025-02-04 12:44:56 UTC · +1 · `mawvx9c` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mawvx9c/)
>
> Si vives en Madrid y quieres explorar cultura china y conocer a gente asiática te recomiendo que vayas a Usera. Allí viven un montón de asiáticos.

> **ChaewonL** · 2025-02-04 17:23:20 UTC · +1 · `mayckch` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mayckch/)
>
> 你很饥渴

> **[deleted]** · 2025-02-07 04:25:03 UTC · +1 · `mbfbhtl` · [↗](https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1igs0i5/do_i_have_an_asian_fetish/mbfbhtl/)
>
> [removed]