---
title: "新姿势：study plan不会写怎么办？找chatgpt！"
subreddit: "r/iwanttorun"
id: "109qrbt"
name: "t3_109qrbt"
author: "LateEntertainment525"
created_utc: 1673499326
created_key: "230112045526"
capture_ts: "230212224113"
content_sha256: "c573f495fe7bda5b9ddf0eb5c8613c051dea73c6bd8704dfe2f7a252ed733953"
permalink: "https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/109qrbt/新姿势study_plan不会写怎么办找chatgpt/"
url: "https://www.reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/109qrbt/新姿势study_plan不会写怎么办找chatgpt/"
domain: "self.iwanttorun"
ups: 23
upvote_ratio: 0.8999999761581421
num_comments: 12
link_flair_text: "分享帖"
link_flair_css_class: ""
over_18: false
is_self: true
---

分享一下刚刚尝试的结果。

问题：

Can you write a study plan for me to apply for a Canada study permit? A study plan is a letter written to the Canada immigration agency to explain why I am going to attend the particular program in Canada. I got my master in computer science degree in China 3 years ago and have been a software engineer since then. I plan to get another master of computer science degree in Canada. Please also explain why I need a second master's degree.

&#x200B;

回答：

Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada (IRCC) 

\[Mailing Address\] 

\[City, Province ZIP Code\]

Subject: Study Plan for \[Your Name\] - Application for a Study Permit

Dear Sir/Madam,

I am writing to apply for a study permit to pursue a Master of Computer Science degree at \[Name of Canadian University\] in \[City, Province\], starting \[start date of program\]. I am excited to have been accepted into this program and am eager to begin my studies in Canada.

I completed my first Master's degree in Computer Science at \[Name of Chinese University\] in \[City, China\] in \[Year\]. Since then, I have been working as a software engineer at \[Name of Company\] in \[City, China\]. I have gained valuable experience in the field and have been able to apply my knowledge to develop and implement various software solutions for the company.

However, I have always had a passion for advancing my knowledge and skills in computer science, and I believe that the Master of Computer Science program at \[Name of Canadian University\] will provide me with the opportunity to do so. The program's curriculum is specifically designed to equip students with the latest knowledge and skills in the field of computer science, and I am confident that it will help me to improve my understanding of cutting-edge technologies and prepare me for advanced roles in the field.

Furthermore, studying in Canada will provide me with an international perspective on the field and will allow me to network with people working in the field all over the world. The international exposure I would gain would be very beneficial for my career growth.

I am confident that this program will help me to achieve my career goals and I am fully committed to successfully completing the program and making a valuable contribution to the academic community at \[Name of Canadian University\]. I have already made the necessary arrangements to cover all of my expenses related to tuition and living in Canada.

Thank you for considering my application. I look forward to hearing from you soon.

Sincerely, 

\[Your Name\]
