---
title: "SOS WHAT SHOULD I DO WITH MY FUTURES"
date: "2024-07-05"
extra:
  subreddit: "r/runtoJapan"
  id: "1dvsn88"
  name: "t3_1dvsn88"
  author: "Complex_Equivalent_7"
  created_utc: "1720166176"
  created_key: "240705075616"
  capture_ts: "240705075633"
  content_sha256: "fc9cda533d7727626e90ebc6f64cf50a2208c953d4d70570429b83c0d6dafd67"
  permalink: "https://reddit.com/r/runtoJapan/comments/1dvsn88/sos_what_should_i_do_with_my_futures/"
  url: "https://www.reddit.com/r/runtoJapan/comments/1dvsn88/sos_what_should_i_do_with_my_futures/"
  domain: "self.runtoJapan"
  ups: "0"
  upvote_ratio: "0.4000000059604645"
  num_comments: "8"
  link_flair_text: "🏅️经验分享"
  link_flair_css_class: ""
  over_18: "false"
  is_self: "true"
  subreddit: "r_runtoJapan"
  post_id: "1dvsn88"
---

I am a 28 years old Chinese girl with master degree in finance now working in a top crypto company (boss and colleagues oversea) in China. 
I came from a so called poor ( low social class) family in China. 
I got blessed and I was really hardworking back in the days so I got into one of the best uni in China and then went to a business school in Spain. 

Honestly I think my greatest strength is languages and I guess I am not stupid. After few years of working in crypto space. I gathered some money ( less than 1 million usd) 

But recently I am so tired of this work and living in China ( tho I admit I am still positive on the futures of China) 

I list a few options : 
1. Go to Tokyo and study Japanese and hopefully can immigrate there ( Jp housing and life is affordable for me) I can buy a house  there and the culture of Japan is quite similar to that of China 

2. Go to the US and be an entrepreneur. 
I always wanted to go to the US yet when I had the opportunity I was so poor and can’t afford the tuition there. 
I tot about being an entrepreneur of either in AIGC or in Crypto 

3. Stay in China and totally lie fiat 


Please give me some advice dear fellow. I really think I am on the edge of having a mental breakdown as I think I am a  such loser. Being a single independent women is hard in China


---

> - Author: PhysicalLiterature19
> - Created: 2024-07-05 08:16:37 UTC
> - Score: 4
> - ID: lbprzpk
> - Ups=4 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/runtoJapan/comments/1dvsn88/sos_what_should_i_do_with_my_futures/lbprzpk/
>
> “The culture of Japan is quite similar to that of China.”
> 
> Ni shi renzhen de ma

> - Author: TsungHao
> - Created: 2024-07-05 08:27:24 UTC
> - Score: 3
> - ID: lbpsx1h
> - Ups=3 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/runtoJapan/comments/1dvsn88/sos_what_should_i_do_with_my_futures/lbpsx1h/
>
> rules第一条

> - Author: Quirky-Mouse2552
> - Created: 2024-07-05 08:28:13 UTC
> - Score: 2
> - ID: lbpszjy
> - Ups=2 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/runtoJapan/comments/1dvsn88/sos_what_should_i_do_with_my_futures/lbpszjy/
>
> -.-. .... .. -. . ... . / .--. .-.. . .- ... .

> - Author: Kr1sh1na
> - Created: 2024-07-05 08:36:35 UTC
> - Score: 1
> - ID: lbptp0k
> - Ups=1 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/runtoJapan/comments/1dvsn88/sos_what_should_i_do_with_my_futures/lbptp0k/
>
> 先去看医生

> - Author: Lavenderxpudding7
> - Created: 2024-07-05 08:42:09 UTC
> - Score: 2
> - ID: lbpu5zk
> - Ups=2 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/runtoJapan/comments/1dvsn88/sos_what_should_i_do_with_my_futures/lbpu5zk/
>
> 請用中文發貼文，如果要用英文發貼文可以去其他以英文為主的日本討論群。

> - Author: [deleted]
> - Created: 2024-07-05 08:43:33 UTC
> - Score: 1
> - ID: lbpuabh
> - Ups=1 | Downs=0 | FlairColor=dark | Permalink=/r/runtoJapan/comments/1dvsn88/sos_what_should_i_do_with_my_futures/lbpuabh/
>
> [removed]

> - Author: moukihuboku
> - Created: 2024-07-05 08:58:55 UTC
> - Score: 1
> - ID: lbpvl02
> - Ups=1 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/runtoJapan/comments/1dvsn88/sos_what_should_i_do_with_my_futures/lbpvl02/
>
> け、消されてる!?

> - Author: qianxiaoming101
> - Created: 2024-07-06 17:09:45 UTC
> - Score: 1
> - ID: lbx1swa
> - Ups=1 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/runtoJapan/comments/1dvsn88/sos_what_should_i_do_with_my_futures/lbx1swa/
>
> 有必要这么严格吗