---
title: "I am scared to go back to China because I have a Graduate Visa in the UK and will obtain \"Indefinite Leave to Remain\" status."
subreddit: "r/iwanttorun"
id: "vnlx7u"
name: "t3_vnlx7u"
author: "justarandomperson246"
created_utc: 1656525459
created_key: "220629175739"
capture_ts: "220706032323"
content_sha256: "3058c365acfffdf2a93c9e8a5db4314868f2f3e64ff0e7b918ddb8e3e115d76c"
permalink: "https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/vnlx7u/i_am_scared_to_go_back_to_china_because_i_have_a/"
url: "https://www.reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/vnlx7u/i_am_scared_to_go_back_to_china_because_i_have_a/"
domain: "self.iwanttorun"
ups: 6
upvote_ratio: 0.6700000166893005
num_comments: 27
link_flair_text: "???"
link_flair_css_class: ""
over_18: false
is_self: true
---

I am Chinese and have lived in the UK for the past 10 years, I am now working in the UK on a Graduate Visa which was obtained after my student visa ended.

In the next few years I will be able to obtain "Indefinite Leave to Remain" status in the UK, it's a settled status in the UK and doesn't give me citizenship. So it's basically a visa that never expires, I guess it's similar to a green card in the US which has already been confisticated in China along with their Chinese passports??? The official definition by UK Home Office is:

*Indefinite leave to remain is how you settle in the UK. It’s also called ‘settlement’. It gives you the right to live, work and study here for as long as you like, and apply for benefits if you’re eligible. You can use it to apply for British citizenship.*

I have not been back to China since 2017 and I am planning to go home later this year to visit my parents while still on my graduate visa. And recently I have read something like China will be strict with citizens travelling abroad unnecessarily. I'm really worried now that they will not let me out of the country once I return to China, or worse, they will confisticate my Graduate Visa or Indefinite Leave to Remain document.

I'm not planning to obtain British citizenship/passport at least as along as my parents are alive, which will be a long time and I will go back to China every year.

Should I be worried? Is there anything I can do? Is it safe for me to make this post on Reddit?

How do they even find out of visa status if It's a separate residence card instead of a visa vignette on my passport?
