# Want to run from life, vanish and live till I die

- Subreddit: r_iwanttorun
- Author: Mauritsei
- Created: 2025-01-17 13:36:10 UTC
- Permalink: https://reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1i3ghhs/want_to_run_from_life_vanish_and_live_till_i_die/
- URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/iwanttorun/comments/1i3ghhs/want_to_run_from_life_vanish_and_live_till_i_die/
- Ups: 3 | Ratio: 0.800000011920929 | Comments: 2
- Flair: ???


Not a troll post!
I am early 30s male, in debt, sick of being a corporate slave, unhappy generally with life and just want to vanish. 

How can I vanish and never be found by authorities? I would leave everything behind from bank accounts to phone, withdraw all accounts to zero - might as well as the debt is already there, and then get one way ticket and go. 

Live in Australia but probably would want to fly to another country to do it. Japan would be the best. Risks associated would be that immigration cops might eventually find out and that is a whole different story, however willing to take the risk as it might not be in 10yrs if I live under someone’s roof in remote rural japan and tent to their rice fields. Sounds like a dream. Would consider Yakuza or prostitution as well.  


---

> - Author: Impressive-Bus5940
> - Created: 2025-01-17 14:05:38 UTC
> - Score: 2
> - ID: m7mnrag
> - Ups=2 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/1i3ghhs/want_to_run_from_life_vanish_and_live_till_i_die/m7mnrag/
>
> I have just the right subreddit for you r/runtojapan

> - Author: Overall-Election7082
> - Created: 2025-01-17 14:22:47 UTC
> - Score: 8
> - ID: m7mqr4m
> - Ups=8 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/1i3ghhs/want_to_run_from_life_vanish_and_live_till_i_die/m7mqr4m/
>
> 你sub神功大成
