> - Author: G0O0ONER
> - Created: 2026-03-19 08:06:37 UTC
> - Score: 12
> - ID: ob9neu6
> - Ups=12 | Downs=0 | Submitter=true | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/1rxugdm/庇护到底怎样算有效恐惧/ob9neu6/
>
> https://preview.redd.it/o90rv2h0mypg1.png?width=1385&format=png&auto=webp&s=1dea5296adf449b745d661578465362919f6b333
> 
> AI还是太好用了

> - Author: InterestingBand9744
> - Created: 2026-03-19 08:29:12 UTC
> - Score: 1
> - ID: ob9pq1g
> - Ups=1 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/1rxugdm/庇护到底怎样算有效恐惧/ob9pq1g/
>
> 你说习近平会放屁，而且屁很臭，就算。你想想，他经常拿两个茶杯，而且那茶杯是黑的，里面很可能是中药，肯定会影响消化。所以放臭屁是很正常的。

> - Author: wolfofbne
> - Created: 2026-03-19 08:45:39 UTC
> - Score: 5
> - ID: ob9re1q
> - Ups=5 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/1rxugdm/庇护到底怎样算有效恐惧/ob9re1q/
>
> 害怕被活摘

> - Author: MurkyCollection6782
> - Created: 2026-03-19 09:39:53 UTC
> - Score: 0
> - ID: ob9x28i
> - Ups=0 | Downs=0 | Controversiality=1 | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/1rxugdm/庇护到底怎样算有效恐惧/ob9x28i/
>
> 所以op不恐惧也不受迫害，只是在庇护国抢占真正受迫害的申请者名额。

>> - Author: AutoModerator
>> - Created: 2026-03-19 09:39:53 UTC
>> - Score: 1
>> - ID: ob9x298
>> - Ups=1 | Downs=0 | Distinguished=moderator | AuthorPremium=true | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/1rxugdm/庇护到底怎样算有效恐惧/ob9x298/
>>
>> 发送打倒习包子，转发到500个群美国就送你政治庇护啦，我试过是真的
>> 
>> *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/iwanttorun) if you have any questions or concerns.*

> - Author: generalconfusedgoose
> - Created: 2026-03-19 11:36:38 UTC
> - Score: -1
> - ID: obabgre
> - Ups=-1 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/1rxugdm/庇护到底怎样算有效恐惧/obabgre/
>
> 看情況。像劉美賢爸爸那是真會被抓的。不過我也認識一個變性的姐（原來是哥），人家做了手術基本和女的沒什麼區別，申請庇護就過了，說是擔心在國內受到迫害（我尋思著男娘不挺吃香的嗎）

>> - Author: Ok_Plane_2037
>> - Created: 2026-03-19 15:44:13 UTC
>> - Score: 10
>> - ID: obblh2h
>> - Ups=10 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/1rxugdm/庇护到底怎样算有效恐惧/obblh2h/
>>
>> 吃香在哪？顺直人要自己来当mtf才能明白支国性少数的恶劣环境

> - Author: Ok-Average-8334
> - Created: 2026-03-19 19:14:29 UTC
> - Score: 1
> - ID: obctm99
> - Ups=1 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/1rxugdm/庇护到底怎样算有效恐惧/obctm99/
>
> Rule of Thumb: 当你问什么算有效恐惧的时候，其实你的恐惧还没到有效的程度

>> - Author: Mammoth_Internet3631
>> - Created: 2026-03-19 20:00:10 UTC
>> - Score: 1
>> - ID: obd17s7
>> - Ups=1 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/1rxugdm/庇护到底怎样算有效恐惧/obd17s7/
>>
>> Because it is a random event, coming back to your home feels like you're doing a dice check in DND (or COC? lol)
>> 
>> Ok, let me dice it again( because I have no choice)

>>> - Author: Ok-Average-8334
>>> - Created: 2026-03-19 20:33:35 UTC
>>> - Score: 1
>>> - ID: obd8422
>>> - Ups=1 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/1rxugdm/庇护到底怎样算有效恐惧/obd8422/
>>>
>>> If you were truly afraid of being persecuted how the hell would you ever go back? If you treat going back as rolling a dice then your fear does not really rise to the level required for asylum. 

>>>> - Author: Mammoth_Internet3631
>>>> - Created: 2026-03-19 20:50:32 UTC
>>>> - Score: 1
>>>> - ID: obdblra
>>>> - Ups=1 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/1rxugdm/庇护到底怎样算有效恐惧/obdblra/
>>>>
>>>> Because I still met sexual harassment(or sexual assault by Canadian law) and bullying in Canada(or I have to say Victoria BC), it made me have a mental health crisis and got my 6th concussion by self-harm in my life(first 5 come from bullying, domestic violence, and self-harm lol.), I feel like I lost my ability to study or work in Canada right now. Can you tell how a sexual minority and ethnic women with disabilities can survive in Canada? My ability is above average compared to many people. When I first came to that small white town in Canada, I completed all my paperwork and outperformed local students during my studies. Now I cannot even file a document for a lawyer. I have to endure the headache seizure and every day and am stuck at home. A lot of the time, I want to commit suicide, but I have to be responsible for my mom. My experience tells me that Canadians, especially those white baby boomers, only want perfect immigrants to do all the hard work for them, be their nurse, housemaid, cash cow, or sexual slaves. If you cause any inconvenience to them, they just want to kick you out, even though your disability was caused by them. I came to Canada because I read The Handmaid's Tale by maggret atwood, and I found out that Victoria is actually my Gilead. I would rather go back for treatment and recover my ability to work to other country,  or just live with the company of my mom, or die in jail. I don't care.

>>>>> - Author: Ok-Average-8334
>>>>> - Created: 2026-03-19 22:37:47 UTC
>>>>> - Score: 1
>>>>> - ID: obdwtvl
>>>>> - Ups=1 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/1rxugdm/庇护到底怎样算有效恐惧/obdwtvl/
>>>>>
>>>>> Asylum is for people going through state-sanctioned persecutions, or at least the state was a party to it. I am sorry that you are going through this in Canada but is the Canadian government explicitly involved in these events? If not, then it is still better to remain in Canada than China because in the latter, you would not only face societal pressure and even bullying but also the punishment from the Chinese government. This is the purpose of asylum, it’s not a ticket to paradise, but one out of hell. Simply because you can be out of hell does not mean you are now in paradise, but if you, from time to time, think about going back there, then that hell wasn’t really the hell that would qualify you the ticket in the first place. 

>>>>>> - Author: Mammoth_Internet3631
>>>>>> - Created: 2026-03-19 23:03:27 UTC
>>>>>> - Score: 1
>>>>>> - ID: obe1lj2
>>>>>> - Ups=1 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/1rxugdm/庇护到底怎样算有效恐惧/obe1lj2/
>>>>>>
>>>>>> It is the problem here. Most of the sexual minority and neurodiversity, if they don't join any organization or advocat their right by influence, do not face direct political persecution, and it is just due to social pressure and ostracism from people that they lose their jobs or drop their studies, so most of us choose to use our skills to immigrate. I lost my skill, and my disability is getting worse, and the study permit problem I met asks me to leave Canada. I say something inappropriate aboard,  but it depends on whether they think I can be a worthy target
>>>>>> 
>>>>>> So it is just like my life, kinda unfortunate enough, even if I apply for asylum, I still might not survive in this society, because I am already disabled now. If I come back to China, maybe they will catch me and throw me in jail because of my words, or they will just let me die quietly in a corner of society.
>>>>>> 
>>>>>> If I am fortunate enough to recover with the support of my mom, and no one focuses on me, at least I can go to Europe on my own.

>>>>>>> - Author: Ok-Average-8334
>>>>>>> - Created: 2026-03-19 23:08:08 UTC
>>>>>>> - Score: 2
>>>>>>> - ID: obe2gxr
>>>>>>> - Ups=2 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/1rxugdm/庇护到底怎样算有效恐惧/obe2gxr/
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> I’ve heard people with asylum status  in a country successfully won asylum in another one, this could be an option 

>>>>>>>> - Author: Mammoth_Internet3631
>>>>>>>> - Created: 2026-03-19 23:37:48 UTC
>>>>>>>> - Score: 1
>>>>>>>> - ID: obe7yky
>>>>>>>> - Ups=1 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/1rxugdm/庇护到底怎样算有效恐惧/obe7yky/
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Thank you for your kindness. Let me communicate with some people because i can not make the decision by myself...

>>>>>>>>> - Author: Ok-Average-8334
>>>>>>>>> - Created: 2026-03-20 00:14:43 UTC
>>>>>>>>> - Score: 2
>>>>>>>>> - ID: obeem95
>>>>>>>>> - Ups=2 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/1rxugdm/庇护到底怎样算有效恐惧/obeem95/
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Best of luck!

>>>>>>>>>> - Author: Mammoth_Internet3631
>>>>>>>>>> - Created: 2026-03-20 00:17:05 UTC
>>>>>>>>>> - Score: 1
>>>>>>>>>> - ID: obef1l8
>>>>>>>>>> - Ups=1 | Downs=0 | Permalink=/r/iwanttorun/comments/1rxugdm/庇护到底怎样算有效恐惧/obef1l8/
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Thanks! Hope you have peacful  life.
