# 乌克兰彻底有了

- Metadata:
  - Subreddit: r_runEuropaAlliance
  - Author: No-Lab4175
  - Created: 2025-03-04 16:54:10 UTC
  - Permalink: https://reddit.com/r/runEuropaAlliance/comments/1j3fd4o/乌克兰彻底有了/
  - URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/runEuropaAlliance/comments/1j3fd4o/乌克兰彻底有了/
  - Ups: 7 | Ratio: 0.74 | Comments: 0
  - Flair: 分享 | Share


I would like to reiterate Ukraine’s commitment to peace.

None of us wants an endless war. Ukraine is ready to come to the
negotiating table as soon as possible to bring lasting peace closer.
Nobody wants peace more than Ukrainians. My team and I stand ready to
work under President Trump’s strong leadership to get a peace that
lasts.

We are ready to work fast to end the war, and the first stages could be
the release of prisoners and truce in the sky — ban on missiles,
long-ranged drones, bombs on energy and other civilian infrastructure —
and truce in the sea immediately, if Russia will do the same. Then we
want to move very fast through all next stages and to work with the US
to agree a strong final deal.

We do really value how much America has done to help Ukraine maintain
its sovereignty and independence. And we remember the moment when things
changed when President Trump provided Ukraine with Javelins. We are
grateful for this.

Our meeting in Washington, at the White House on Friday, did not go the
way it was supposed to be. It is regrettable that it happened this way.
It is time to make things right. We would like future cooperation and
communication to be constructive.

Regarding the agreement on minerals and security, Ukraine is ready to
sign it in any time and in any convenient format. We see this agreement
as a step toward greater security and solid security guarantees, and I
truly hope it will work effectively.

[Zelensky's post on
Twitter](https://x.com/ZelenskyyUa/status/1896948147085049916)

